More v5 docs! (#19)
RLBot/wiki: docs/v5/botmaking/rendering.md

- [String2D](https://github.com/RLBot/flatbuffers-schema/blob/main/rendering.fbs#L76-L96) - Draws a string in 2D space (screen space).
- [String3D](https://github.com/RLBot/flatbuffers-schema/blob/main/rendering.fbs#L98-L115) - Draws a string in 3D space. This will be projected onto the screen based on the camera's orientation.
- [Rect2D](https://github.com/RLBot/flatbuffers-schema/blob/main/rendering.fbs#L117-L134) - Draws a rectangle in 2D space (screen space).
- [Rect3D](https://github.com/RLBot/flatbuffers-schema/blob/main/rendering.fbs#L136-L151) - Draws a rectangle in 3D space. This will be projected onto the screen based on the camera's orientation.

## Rendering a large amount

If you try rendering a lot of things at once, you will start to notice this message:
`Too many bytes sent this tick, skipping message`

There are a few ways to get around this.

1. **Reduce the amount of things you are rendering.**
    This is the most straightforward way to reduce the amount of bytes sent.

>     If you're rendering all 720 ball prediction slices, try only rendering 1 of 4 slices or so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For instance, instead of rendering all 720 ball prediction slices, try rendering every 4th slice.
```

2. **Use `PolyLine3D`.**

>     This method more efficiently sends a large amount of points to be drawn in a continuous line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This method is more efficient than many Line3Ds if you are drawing a continuous line.
```
